README.md, before:

# aws-codepipeline-notifications

This is a simple plugin that checks the results of the AWS pipeline processes and displays them as desktop notification

How to use?
-----------
1. Clone this repo to your pc: ```git clone git@github.com:blackwoodseven/aws-codepipeline-notifications.git```
2. Goto chrome extensions page: ```chrome://extensions/```
3. Activate "Developer mode" (should be a checkbox that is on the top right of the page)
4. Click on the button "Load unpacked extension..." (should be under the title of the page)
5. Locate the folder of this project on your pc and click Load
6. The extension should be running you can located it by finding the extension named "Pipeline notification" (probably an error message appear saying that you don't have any pipes defined)
7. Click on options and on the text-box that is regarding the pipes, write the names of the pipes you want the extension to look for changes
8. Its ready togo! If you want to test it goto the AWS code pipes page and manually release a change and you will be able to see the notifications on the top corner of your screen

How it works?
-------------

So the logic on this extension is each X minutes (defined on the options) it queries the AWS codepipeline web api (like the AWS console web page does) for the state of the api. In order to the api to accept our call we must be logged in to the AWS console, and have accessed one of the code pipelines pages. Once this is done this plugin gets the cookies that regarding the AWS console and send it on the requests generating the CSRF token and sending it as well.


TODOS:
------
 * Manual goto code pipe page needed in order to start getting good responses from the AWS web api (think this is because we cannot set the origin or referrer on our http call)
 * Improve top bar icon to at least give the disable enable options
 * Create package and put this as a public repo in order to others to user
 * Limit the manifest permissions

 BUGS:
 -----
 * Double login page opens on error if one does not exist

Commit message:

added a popup page wen clicking on the topbar icon

README.md, after:

# aws-codepipeline-notifications

This is a simple plugin that checks the results of the AWS pipeline processes and displays them as desktop notification


How to install?
---------------

 1. Clone this repo to your pc: ```git clone git@github.com:blackwoodseven/aws-codepipeline-notifications.git```
 2. Goto chrome extensions page: ```chrome://extensions/```
 3. Activate "Developer mode" (should be a checkbox that is on the top right of the page)
 4. Click on the button "Load unpacked extension..." (should be under the title of the page)
 5. Locate the folder of this project on your pc and click Load
 6. The extension should be running you can located it by finding the extension named "Pipeline notification" (probably an error message appear saying that you don't have any pipes defined)
 7. Click on options and on the text-box that is regarding the pipes, write the names of the pipes you want the extension to look for changes
 8. Its ready to go! If you want to test it goto the AWS code pipes page and manually release a change and you will be able to see the notifications on the top corner of your screen


Don't forget!
-------------

 * You need to be LOOGED IN to the AWS console for this plugin to work
 * You need to have VISIT ONCE a AWS code pipeline page (ex: https://eu-west-1.console.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/home)


How it works?
-------------

So the logic on this extension is each X minutes (defined on the options) it queries the AWS codepipeline web api (like the AWS console web page does) for the state of the api. In order to the api to accept our call we must be logged in to the AWS console, and have accessed one of the code pipelines pages. Once this is done this plugin gets the cookies that regarding the AWS console and send it on the requests generating the CSRF token and sending it as well.


TODOS:
------

 * Manual goto code pipe page needed in order to start getting good responses from the AWS web api (think this is because we cannot set the origin or referrer on our http call)
 * Create package and put this as a public repo in order to others to user


BUGS:
-----
 * Test Failure
 * Double login page opens on error if one does not exist
 * Limit manifest
